adding disable_active_reparents for vttablet process (#1384)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/13.0/reference/programs/vttablet.md

Even if a MySQL is external, you can still make vttablet perform some management functions. They are as follows:

> * `-disable_active_reparents`: If this flag is set, then any reparent or replica commands will not be allowed. These are InitShardMaster, PlannedReparent, EmergencyReparent, and ReparentTablet. In this mode, you should use the TabletExternallyReparented command to inform vitess of the current primary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `-disable_active_reparents`: If this flag is set, then any reparent or replica commands will not be allowed. These are InitShardPrimary, PlannedReparentShard, EmergencyReparentShard, and ReparentTablet. In this mode, you should use the TabletExternallyReparented command to inform vitess of the current primary.
```

Reviewer: 1. I'm pretty sure we had already renamed InitShardMaster -> InitShardPrimary by v13, but you should double-check.
2. These changes need to go into all the versions.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what "replica" commands are meant here. Can you check the blame and see where this line came from?

Author: "replica" was introduced [here](https://github.com/vitessio/website/commit/206458d84b1785486a7bd7e29fa3ab79b0cea8fe) ... looks like it was always there.
